and I grew up in the inner city so I
grew up on two things church and
pepto-bismol my mother gave me
pepto-bismol for everything no matter
what held me
pepto-bismol do you know how much
pepto-bismol you have to take to recover
from a gunshot I was raised Baptist so I
was in church all day on Sunday I wanted
to be a Catholic so bad when I was born
I used to empty Catholics as Catholics
they got in and out one I love means one
hour to care I sing Catholics riot after
one hour hey hey
we gonna be late for bingo I would have
Catholic friends come over hey man play
some football
I got go church we play we get out
uh-huh I'm Baptist you won't see me into
Monday because we would stay in church
sunrise service Sunday school regular
service then we go visit the sister
Church come back for evening service and
people wonder why we see visions we
hungry after the third service I'm
walking around I see a chicken sounds
and I have a love-hate relationship with
Church because church is where I got
some mob worst weapons which I thought
was a total contradiction because my mom
would be praising God for life with one
hand and trying to take my life with
right here okay cuz Baptists we don't
believe in timeout
we believe in knocked out timeout us
when your parents get tired of hitting
you when I tell you to do something I
don't want to hit no Beckett timeout
time baby give me some pepto-bismol
stay there for and my mom she would
multitask in church she can book me and
sing a praise song at the same time
cheapy the Pew go on unknown teen
unknown me let the power follow me
anointing
Oh
you